Add script to play trained policy from the saved folder (#280)
utiasDSL/gym-pybullet-drones: README.md

cd gym_pybullet_drones/examples/
python learn.py # task: single drone hover at z == 1.0
python learn.py --multiagent true # task: 2-drone hover at z == 1.2 and 0.7

> python play.py --model_path results/FOLDER_NAME/best_model.zip # play and visualize learned policy after training

Reviewer: Thanks @fanshi14 , I will test this PR later today and see if we can add a simple CLI way to get the folder name so that the readme can be truly copy-and-paste

> python play.py --model_path results/FOLDER_NAME/best_model.zip # play and visualize learned policy after training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LATEST_MODEL=$(ls -t results | head -n 1) && python play.py --model_path "results/${LATEST_MODEL}/best_model.zip" # play and visualize the most recent learned policy after training
```
